Add support for indexer restarts (#457)
optakt/flow-dps: cmd/flow-rosetta-server/README.md

```sh
Usage of flow-rosetta-server:
  -a, --address string          address to host Rosetta API on (default "127.0.0.1:8080")
  -d, --dps string              host URL for DPS API endpoint (default "127.0.0.1:5005")

>   -f, --flow string             host address for Flow network's Access API endpoint

Reviewer: One of them is the host URL and the other is the host address. Does it mean the latter does not include the port? Does address imply IP address? I think those descriptions need to be consistent/clear

  -l, --level string            log output level (default "info")
      --smart-status-codes      enable smart non-500 HTTP status codes for Rosetta API errors

>       --cache-size uint         maximum cache size for register reads in bytes (default 1000000000)

Reviewer: wdyt of adding underscores in there to make this more readable?

```suggestion
      --cache-size uint         maximum cache size for register reads in bytes (default 1_000_000_000)
```

Author: I had it like that before, but it won't show up in the help for the command anyway.

It uses a local instance of the Flow DPS Server for access to the execution state.

```sh

> ./flow-dps-rosetta -a "127.0.0.1:5005"

Author: The address here should be with port `8008`, and we should add the Flow DPS dependency at least.
